Split user and admin docs (#26)
RS-DAT/JupyterDaskOnSRC: README.md

# JupyterDask on SURF Research Cloud

This is an instruction about how to set up a Jupyter interface including
[Dask](https://www.dask.org/) on [SURF Research Cloud
(SRC)](https://www.surf.nl/en/surf-research-cloud-collaboration-portal-for-research).

## For the user

### Access the existing workspace

> To access the existing workspace, first ask administrators to invite you. After

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access an existing workspace, first ask administrators to invite you to a collaborative organization (CO). After
```

receiving the invitation link, you will be directed to the [log in
page](https://portal.live.surfresearchcloud.nl/). Follow the instructions in
[Log in to your
workspace](https://servicedesk.surf.nl/wiki/display/WIKI/Log+in+to+your+workspace)
to access your workspace.

### Create a new workspace

> See the instructions [For the administrator](#for-the-administrator) to create a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the instructions ["Create the workspace"](#3-create-the-workspace) below to create a
```

new workspace.

## For the administrator

To get access to SRC, you need to apply for the compute services via the
[request
portal](https://www.surf.nl/en/research-it/apply-for-access-to-compute-services).
When your application is approved, SURF will send you an invitation with the
login to SRC. To get familiar with the SRC, have a look at the [SRC First
Steps](https://servicedesk.surf.nl/wiki/display/WIKI/First+Steps).

A member of the CO [with "developer"
privileges](https://servicedesk.surfsara.nl/wiki/display/WIKI/Appoint+a+CO-member+a+developer)

> can register the current application as a `Catalog Item` and setting up these
> three parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can register the current application as a `Catalog Item` (steps 1. and 2. below). Once created, the catalog item will allow him/her as well as other members of the 
CO to create and access a workspace with JupyterHub and Dask (step 3. below). When creating a workspace, users will be
able to set three parameters:
```

* In the "Available components" tab, choose the following components (in this order):
  * SRC-OS
  * SRC-CO
  * SRC-Ngnix
  * SRC-External plugin
  * the component created in the previous step
* In the "Cloud providers" tab, add "SURF HPC Cloud cluster" with "Ubuntu 20.04"
  as OS and tick all available sizes.
* In the "Ovewritable parameters" tab:
  * For `co_passwordless_sudo`, set "Actions" to "Overwrite" and set "New
    parameter value" to `true`.
  * For `num_nodes`, set "Actions" to "Make interactive", set "Label or question
    for workspace creator" to "Number of worker nodes", and set "Default
    parameter value" to `0`.
  * For `dcache_token`, set "Actions" to "Make interactive", set "Label or
    question for workspace creator" to "dCache token: provide the macaroon to
    authenticate on the dCache storage", and set "Default parameter value" to
    `null`.
  * For `environment_url`, set "Actions" to "Make interactive", set "Label or
    question for workspace creator" to "Conda environment file: provide the URL
    to a custom environment.yml (blank for default environment)", and set
    "Default parameter value" to `default`.

### 3. Create the workspace

> To create a workspace, you need to first create a storage, see [External storage
> volumes](https://servicedesk.surf.nl/wiki/display/WIKI/External+storage+volumes).
> Then, you can create a new workspace by following [Start a simple
> workspace](https://servicedesk.surf.nl/wiki/display/WIKI/Start+a+simple+workspace)
> and attach your storage to it. For the application, select the catalog item
> created in the previous steps.

Reviewer: Actually, for I am not sure whether the storage will work with this component (the workspace includes multiple VMs, and I think a storage can be bound to a single VM only. To be tested, will raise an issue about this! 

```suggestion
You can create a new workspace by following [Start a simple
workspace](https://servicedesk.surf.nl/wiki/display/WIKI/Start+a+simple+workspace). 
For the application, select the catalog item
created in the previous steps. Follow the instructions and select parameters/provide input 
when requested.
```
